.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2009-2013 by Johan De Taeye, frePPLe bvba
.\"
.\" All information contained herein is, and remains the property of frePPLe.
.\" You are allowed to use and modify the source code, as long as the
.\" software is used within your company.
.\" You are not allowed to distribute the software, either in the form of
.\" source code or in the form of compiled binaries.
.\"
.TH "FREPPLE" "1" "May 2013" "frePPLe" ""
.SH "NAME"
frepple \- a lightweight tool for production planning
.br
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B frepple [options]
.I <files>
.br
.B frepple [options]
.I <directories>
.br
.B frepple [options]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
FrePPLe is a lightweight open source framework that easily and quickly 
solves production planning problems. The primary focus is on the discrete 
manufacturing industry.
.P
This program reads XML input data, and also embeds a Python interpeter to
execute instructions in the Python language.
.P
The input data can be provided in the following ways:
  - Passing one or more XML files.
  - Passing one or more directories as arguments.
    The program will process all files with the extension '.xml' found
    in the directories in alphabetical order.
  - Passing one or more Python files with the extension '.py'.
    The Python commands are executed in the embedded interpreter.
  - When passing no file or directory arguments, input will be read
    from the standard input. XML data can be redirected or piped to the
    application.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-validate \-v"
Validate the xml input for correctness.
.TP
.BI "\-check \-c"
Only validate the input, without executing the content.
.TP
.BI "\-? \-h \-help"
Show instructions.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
FREPPLE_HOME
Optionally points to a directory where the initialization
files will be searched.

.SH FILES
.TP
\&./init.xml $FREPPLE_HOME/init.xml /usr/share/frepple/init.xml
XML data automatically loaded upon startup. The first file with the name
init.xml in the above sequence is processed.

.TP
\&./frepple.xsd $FREPPLE_HOME/frepple.xsd /usr/share/frepple/frepple.xsd
XML Schema definition for validation of the XML input data. The first file 
with the name frepple.xsd in the above sequence is processed.

.TP
\&./init.py $FREPPLE_HOME/init.py /usr/share/frepple/init.py
Python commands executed automatically upon startup. The first file with the name
init.py in the above sequence is processed.

.SH RETURNS
0 when successful, non-zero in case of errors

.SH "AUTHORS"
.B FrePPLe
is developed as Open Source under the AGPL license, v3 or later.

The authors and contributors are listed on http://www.frepple.com.
